Updating grc doc Status reorganization (#2744)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/manage_policy_overview.adoc

When you select a policy in the table list, the following tabs of information are displayed from the console:

> - _Details_: Select the _Details_ tab to view policy details and placement details. In the _Placement_ table, the _Compliance_ column provides links to view the compliance of the cluster that is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Details_: Select the _Details_ tab to view policy details and placement details. In the _Placement_ table, the _Compliance_ column provides links to view the compliance of the clusters that are displayed.
```

> - _Clusters_: Select the _Clusters_ tab to view a table list of clusters with policy violations. Click the **View details** link to view the template details and YAML. You can also view related resources. Click the **View history** link to view the compliance status, violation message, and a timestamp of the last report.

Reviewer: All clusters selected by the placement are shown, not just the ones with policy violations.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42188127/136095899-072d6d1f-0dff-4b6e-9e06-9d6b2132cec6.png)

In the last sentence, I would change "a timestamp" to just "time" since it is using phrases like "an hour ago" etc.

Author: Thanks for clarifying and suggestion here!

> - _Templates_: Select the _Templates_ tab to view a table list of clusters with policy violations for each template. You can view the compliance status, violation message, timestamp of the last report, and history for the template.

Reviewer: Same comments here - it's not only violations that are shown; compliant clusters are shown for each template. I would avoid using the term "timestamp", and I would mention the "View history" link here as well, where users can see recent changes in the compliance status.
